As we near the June 1st deadline for applications, I'm writing again to
request your assistance in reminding your students about this outstanding
scholarship and retreat opportunity for undergraduate, graduate and PhD
students with disabilities who are studying computer science, computer
engineering or related technical fields.   Lime works closely with career
services and disability services on campus, and we've found that
communication from faculty and staff is an especially effective way of
getting the word out - and encourages students with disabilities who might
hesitate to disclose to take full advantage of the opportunity.  

We are hopeful that you may be able to:

.         Forward this email to any student list(s) you may have;

.         Share the opportunity in class;

.         Post on your website, if applicable;

.         Forward to friends, faculty, staff or other university associates
to share, as you never know who might have a disability (one in ten students
on campus, according to recent studies).

 

Thank you very much in advance for your consideration of publicizing the
scholarship - it is greatly appreciated.


Google Lime Scholarship for Students with Disabilities

Access to knowledge is Google's thing.  When it comes to higher education
for promising scholars, they don't want anything to stand in the way.
That's why they're proud to partner with Lime, and we're both excited to
share the news of this outstanding opportunity.  Google is committed to
helping the innovators of the future make the most of their talents by
providing both scholarships and networking retreats for computer science
students with disabilities.  US university recipients of the Google Lime
Scholarship will receive a scholarship of $10,000 for the 2009-2010 academic
year, and selected students will also be invited to attend the
all-expenses-paid retreat at the Googleplex in Mountain View, CA, in 2010.
Scholarships will be awarded based on the strength of candidates' academic
background and demonstrated passion.  

Eligibility Requirements

Candidates must be:

*        A student entering their junior or senior year of undergraduate
study or be enrolled in a graduate program in the 2009-2010 academic year at
a university in the United States or Canada (in addition to US and Canada
citizens, international students with disabilities studying at universities
in the US or Canada are also encouraged to apply)
*        Enrolled in a Computer Science or Computer Engineering program, or a
closely related technical field as a full-time student for the 2009-2010
academic year
*        A person with a disability (defined as someone who has, or considers
themselves to have, a long-term, or recurring, issue that impacts one or
more activities that others may consider a daily function); this definition
also includes the perception among others that a disability exists.  We know
that many disabilities are "invisible," and candidates do not have to be
registered with disability services on campus to apply

For more information, and to apply, go to www.limeconnect.com, and don't
delay - applications must be received by June 1, 2009.

As always, please feel free to reach out if you should have any questions.

Regards,

Pat

Pat Holt

Lime Connect, Inc.

Executive Vice President

590 Madison Avenue, 21st Floor

New York, NY 10022

212-521-4469 Phone

813-335-3816 Cell

pat.holt@limeconnect.com <mailto:susan.lang@limeconnect.com>  

 <http://www.limeconnect.com/> www.limeconnect.com